Emphasize the Commands on the "Working with Ballerina Modules" Page (#2137)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: learn/user-guide/structuring-ballerina-code/working-with-ballerina-modules.md

The value of the first identifier of the modules belonging to the same package will always be the package name.

## Creating the Package

Execute the command below to create a package called `winery` to demonstrate Ballerina modules. 

> >**Info:** This package exposes an API to list the available wine types and to get details about a particular wine. Inside that, you can organize the source code with three modules named `winery`, `winery.model`, and `winery.storage`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Info:** This is an application package that lists the available wine types and to get details about a particular wine. Inside that, you can organize the source code with three modules named `winery`, `winery.model`, and `winery.storage`.
```
